We are incomplete...the way this happens is through naming objects. As I mentioned in Jordan Curve Theorem article, we separate things from ech other in the world of hamind mind.

As such, connecting two names back to each other seems like a temproriliy goal. This is a game. managing to get it done is fun.

Then games are designed to represent this process. We set a  goal for ourselves and try to achieve it...The games are ethicallly justified in history of ethics when they would teach us about such a process. The fact that everything is a unity, then we name thema and separate them like finding a lock that needs a key and then finding the key and bringing them back together satisfies our deep need of going back to god.

As such, games are joyful...Joy is the link between two names...imaging a jordan curve that is the combination of two curves. This thing is joy.

Joy is a "thing". joy and fun is an object....And as mentioned in the case of daydreaming, god does not require us, or give birth to something to be outside of it or is born by anything to get outside of something and nothing is like it. We are like each other and fun is like any oher object in god. Games that are designed to brin joy and fun, are designed so that you see this aspect of being human in it.

as games become harder and then impossibe for anyone to finish all the fun is gone. As they become simpler as no two things are really apart, and achiving the connection seems even inevitable, they become less fun.. To ethically study a game maybe is to see how much it helps us understand how things go apart and how they are brought back together. As such, deveopment of a gold should be part of a game. This is why some games are more fun than the others. 

Maybe a game is a good game that shows us that this is us who is the source of the problem as we are incomplete and away from God. For example, we are supposed to bring back a sinki from the deepest part of the pool...but we are also the one who throws it in there. The questoin is how deep we are willing to throw it in. In this game if we trrow it to a low or large depth, we may lose the game as we may not score high or never get it.

life is a perfectly designed game.


Only the pleasure seeker tries to see the seriousness in the game....If life is a game, we may ask, if I know the truth, how could i possibly make a mistake and go to hell? Therefore, it must be the case that i have to happen to defy the truth sometimes, so that the game is meaningful, the life is meaningful which of course will be a response to fear of death.

That who is not afraid of death and concerns the truth way before "elhad" comes in, does not think of the problem at hand to be defying rules or truth or giving a seriousness to the game it doesn't have.

The fact that it has descended from the truth is the problem. not defying it. Paying attention to the knowledge we had , based on which this world is created, is the relief. As such coming to this world of mind, we begin by feeling being descended then we have to go back

This means that our mission is not to follow the rules, rather, rules merely help up remember what we knew, so that the attention we pay to the truth before the descendence sets us free,

then as conceiousness of the situation grows, rules lose their meanings....that is the behaviour is now governed by the knowledge and the statistics of the the behviour of the mysitic obsereved by the others forms new or similar rules for the generations to come.

As such the meaning of life is not in the rules or defying them....The meaning of life is exactly the knowledge based on which the entire set of feelings and thought sna possibilities of this material world is being created. Because of that what makes the game of life serious is merely our descendance from God, not the ruls we set in this worldy life.

Because of that it is not the case that we are constantly tricking the devil if we follow the rules because we have knowledge...The devil is only tricked when we pay attention and if we don't the mere descendance is the problem. Id est, we are the problem already....You don't need to break the rules to make it serious, it is already serious. We are alreay lost...The rules are not going to save you, even if you follow them they will not save you because they mere are supposed to remind you that you already know everything that there is in this world becasue this world is based on knowledge

Because of that if you follow the ruls you keep remembering that is is possible to pay attention to the truth you already know....Rules will not garantee your focus, or the expense of your attention over existance itself.

For example, when someone is breaking a social rule, they do remember that it is possible to find another way, but they don't necessruyly pay neough attention to another way to find it...This is because the concept of free will can not possibly be replaced by rules, You will have the one and only definalble free will that is the free will of you paying or not paying the attention you can pay, to the truth you already know....to go back to existance, live in that house see everything , good and bad in this world together then come back down to material level of undestanding, at this level because you have paied attention to the actual right version of everything through living with existance, you will have ethics. Because of that you will behave properly.

If you don't then there are ruls that you will naturally break. The consequenies will remind you that you didn't pay the attention you must have. 

If ou don't break any rule, that does not make you a good person.

In fact if anything, you need to seek rules by mroe advanced statistics of behaviours of much more sophisticatee people to remind you that you can access much higher level of understanding. Even then after breaking those rules, that doesnot guaantee your journey up. 

This is where free will makes sense ....as such breaking the ruls or no , having them or not does not define you....Because of that it can be the case that in different situations there are different rules set by different mystics or masters

you may in diferent places need different rules. regardless, they do not by themselves give you anything other than an alarm...As such breaking rules does not make you a bad person either...in fact breaking the rules that raise the alaram is a good thing.

however this is only when you pay attention to the alarm and never fall into that trap again. This is why Adam made a mistake. that is to understand the concept of mistake is to remember what we already know

so he paid attention and he set himself free.

If I do not break any famous rules, that does not make me a good person.

It is the opposite, you need to pay attention to the mistakes you ARE making and use them to remind you of the moment you missed where you were with the existance and you didn't stay the moment with the existance before descing to this material world. So you go back....stay the moment see everything the way they are and come back to the level of material.

at the return journey, you will appear to have high quality ethics.

you need to travel around the world the way nokhoodaki did to realize the importance of your imam the way he did
