The problem of wishful thinking is as follows:

You are in position A, for example you have job A or partner A, you think that in this situation A, you are not listened to...that is that, what you "truely" find desirable or reasonable has not recieved attention....
You think that you will look at what is truely important for you and you will chose position B or partnet B that already has considered your position or at least you will make sure that you go ahead with your choioce only on the condition 
that the new situation does have what you think is desirable or reasonable.

You will do the transition and move to position B or partnet B only to find out that there is something else they are missing. 

This is because when you thought that situation A lacks element alpha, you didn't see alpha in the big picture of universe. That is you thought that situation B has alpha but indeed situation B lacked beta all along. While looking at alpha in your head, you didn't see beta is missing. The question is why you thought that pictuering alpha means you see it all?

But in the middle of all this, now we have Artificial Intelligence....The idea is that it will have exactly what we want....right? you basically set the scene...right? 
obviuosly for a long time you will chase this tail of humanity only come to realize that the training dataset is coming from humans and the thingy you interact with is limited. 

So far your youth is finished....that surely is AN issue
By the time your are fourty you realize that whatever you do or whereever you go from A to B to C to D to ...., this fact that there is a part missing...alpha, beta, gamma, ...

The entety that has it all needs to be contacted at situation of A....talked to about the missing alpha....you cannot move on to B...you have to see alpha not being missed before you move on.

Indeed moving on happens properly when at A you no longer feel the missing piece of alpha, you joined the source to create what needs to be created to remove the feeling of missing out....then you
are moved to situation B....always pay attention to the fact that you are missing a bit and do not let your missing piece to force you to ask why you have the missing piece....remember....
you wouldn't ask that question for any other reason...for example when you have an arm you don't ask....why don't I miss my arm....oo you? so now that you lack something....if you are finding
yourself often asking why do i lack this....remember, it is lacking it that is deriving you to the question....there is no question what you should do is to let go of this question and instead
focus on your connection to the pure existance to bring beck what lacks existance, what lacks missing.

This is going to happen though choosing right treatment of every little or big thing around you.

This is because we say, I want this alpha and nothing else to be here at situation A....we think that the only thing that situation A lacks is alpha....first of all, that is incorrect, what situation A is missing is infinitly large and secondly, alpha is also a part of this existance which means that it is just like situation A , it will have its own flaws and incompleteness...

In order to get rid of the wishful thinking about alpha at situation A, try to imaging that alpha bring more problems and makes you farther from your desired outcome. instead focus on A and try to find aspects of A and the missing alpha to see what right has not been served. Serve the right, the hole will hopefully fill up and you will be moved to B intact.
